For my first Capstone project, I will be creating a website utilizing the Untappd 
API. My goal is to have this application allow the user to search for and 
organize beers/breweries they are interested in trying/have tried. I played 
around with the Untappd API, and it seems to fetch the data I’m looking to 
collect.  I hope to attract the trendy, craft beer loving type, who wishes to 
make a list of their brewery endeavors. There is an application called Digital 
Pour that I’ve always thought was such a cool idea; it utilizes some similar 
concepts that I’m interested in including. My goal though, is to create something 
a little more basic in design, and focus more on a full library of beers- as 
opposed to those only sold by businesses that utilize Digital Pour. Furthermore, 
Digital Pour only allows for users to search for beer being served at restaurants 
that use their application, and they have to be currently tapped to show up in 
the results. In terms of data, I will add a search field to fetch beer by type, 
ABV, IBU, name, or keyword. I will also add “Top [Five or Ten]” favorites. My 
biggest goal is to display the data in a very visually appealing way.
I will approach the construction of this website visually first, since it’s my 
top priority. I want to do as much CSS styling as possible before seeing if I 
need to add any stylizing with JS. My plan is to have everything very streamline 
and straightforward. I’ve read that the runtime for the Untappd API is a little 
slow, so I’m wondering if that will become an issue. I don’t plan on collecting 
any private data- I’m not sure if I’ll have a log in or if I’ll just store 
preferences and notes in the DOM. 
